:math:QUIZ:Scinot
Scientific Notation
IMG:scinot.gif
Converting between scientific, metric, and decimal notation

:math:QUIZ:Basis
Using a Basis
IMG:basis.png
Correctly describe a vector's direction in a standard basis.

:math:QUIZ:Components
Vector Components
IMG:components.png
Given a vector with an angle, find the <i>x</i> and <i>y</i> components in terms of sines and cosines.

:math:QUIZ:Vectormath
Vector Addition
IMG:vectormath.png
Given two vectors, find their sum or difference.

:mechanics:QUIZ:Acceleration
Acceleration
IMG:acceleration.png
Use Newton's Second Law to find the force on an <i>accelerating</i> box.

:mechanics:QUIZ:Collisions
Elastic Collisions
IMG:collisions.gif
Fling two blocks at each other with different speeds, and try to recreate certain conditions after they collide.

:mechanics:QUIZ:Equilibrium
Equilibrium
IMG:equilibrium.png

:mechanics:GAME:Lander
Lander
IMG:lander.gif
Land a rocket ship on a pad, with gravity and without, and gain some intuition about inertia.

:mechanics:QUIZ:Momentum
Inelastic Collisions
IMG:momentum.gif
Choose the velocity of the red ball so that both balls come to a stop when they collide.
Topics: Momentum, Inelastic Collisions

:mechanics:GAME:Orbits
Orbiter
IMG:orbits.png

:mechanics:DEMO:Tilt
Stability
IMG:tilt.png

:optics:DEMO:Flatmirror
Image in a Flat Mirror
IMG:flatmirror.png

:optics:DEMO:Refraction
Refraction
IMG:refraction.png

:optics:DEMO:Lens
Ray Tracing
IMG:lens.png
An interactive demo that shows the principal rays of converging and diverging lenses and mirrors.

:waves:DEMO:TwoDinterference
Two-Dimensional Interference
IMG:interference2D.gif

:misc:DEMO:Diffusion
Diffusion
IMG:diffusion.png

:misc:GAME:Pipe
Fluid Through a Pipe
IMG:pipe.png

:misc:DEMO:Minkowski
Minkowski Diagram
IMG:minkowski.png
Draw events and worldlines on a Minkowski diagram, then adjust the observer's speed to see how they are related.

:misc:DEMO:Relativetrain
Relativistic Train
IMG:train.png
Light pulses are emitted from the center of a train. How long do they take to reach the ends? And what does it say about relativity?

:math:LAB:Coins
Statistics of Coins
IMG:coins.gif
Simulate flipping a large number of coins many times, and see how many times heads comes up.

:misc:LAB:Equipotentials
Equipotential Lines
IMG:equipotentials.png
Given a set of charges and a voltage probe, draw the equipotential lines created by those charges.

:misc:DEMO:Sterngerlach
Stern-Gerlach
IMG:sterngerlach.png
Inspired by David McIntyre's <I>Quantum Mechanics</I> book: create a chain of Stern-Gerlach devices, send photos through them, and witness the statistics.

:waves:DEMO:Wavesimulator
Wave Simulator
IMG:wavesim.gif
Simulates different types of waves and the medium the waves are travelling through

